a bowl of noodles can make a very
filling and a tasty mangos dish a slight
twist can add a variation and enhance
the flavors so what I bring today is a
very tasty dish right from the heart of
Thailand I have these rice flat noodles
or the pad thai noodles and what I've
done is I've just soaked them in water
for on 10 minutes to soak them for more
than 10 minutes and then drain out all
the water before using it so now I'm
just going to drain out all the water a
number of quickly stir-fry everything so
turn on the flame in a wok heat some oil
once the oil is nice and hot I'm going
to add ginger-garlic paste and some
lemon draws pieces just bruised the
lemongrass pieces a little bit
capsicum green and red bean sprouts
I'm going to add some Birds Eye chilies
I just like them and now all the sauces
red chilli sauce just a little bit of
soy sauce
stammering beast
brown sugar upon sugar just mix
everything quickly
once the sugar males add the noodles
some spring onions and the leaves
soldier days
and at the end I'm going to add some
lime juice and some coarsely ground
peanuts a little bit of peanuts I'm
going to add inside and leave some for
garnish just give it a last mix and
these noodles are ready to plate
and now I'm going to garnish the noodles
with a few spring onion leaves and some
coarsely ground peanuts if you go to
Thailand pasta noodles is a common sight
at the roadside eateries and the best
part is it can be made with a
combination of veggies so what wait for
go ahead and try it out